Add initial source documentation for MFEMMesh, MFEMVariable, and MFEMFESpace. (#46)
aurora-multiphysics/platypus: doc/content/source/fespaces/MFEMFESpace.md

# MFEMFESpace

## Summary

!syntax description /FESpaces/MFEMFESpace

## Overview

> Defines a finite element space for MFEM which one or more MFEMVariables can be defined with respect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a finite element space for MFEM which one or more `MFEMVariable`s can be defined with respect to.
```
